Before we move on from our order, I would like to add in that mongoose update if current plug in remember
that's going to make sure that we always process all of our different events in the correct order.
So back up my terminal, I'm going to change into the payments directory and then install Mongoose update
if current.
That is a super small module, so it should install really quickly.
Then once we've got it, we'll go back over to our model file.
At the very top.
I will add in an import statement for update if current plugin.
From Mongoose update if current.
Then down right underneath our schema.
So here's the order schema right after that.
Latin in order schema set.
We want to set the version key to version.
Remember that's going to override Mongoose and tell it to not use that underscore underscore v flag.
And then we will wire up the plug in itself.
So order schema plug in and pass in update if current plug in.
And that should be it.
Yes.
I'll save this file.
Quick pause right here and continue in just a minute.